After this incident?
I realize that I am indeed old, why I have such a poor eye for people
Grandpa
Xu Yang didn't abandon me when I was at my worst
We are truly in love
Hope you can complete it.
When I get old, the company will depend on you two to manage
Xiaoxu, you have to accompany him well
Be sure to run the company well
Thank you, grandpa.
They all kept it from me.
I'm in a hurry for you
I can see that you are loyal to me
After you come back?
Give you a raise
Hmm boss
Recorded as evidence
Am I the kind of person who is unreliable?
Yes
The platform program we developed broke through the revenue 100,000 in an hour
The future development prospects are very promising
Really?
That's fine.
Then I'll go to the TV station tomorrow and tell everyone the good news.
In this way, we can wish our company a higher level
It is reported that
Zhou's Group heir Zhou Yanjing yesterday developed a takeaway platform that was sought after by the masses once it was launched
Daily revenue is expected to exceed one million
Thanks to my wisdom
Xiao Xu was left behind at that time
He will definitely be our lucky star in the future.
It can bring more revenue to our station.
Yes, I'm so envious of Xu live streaming host
To have a boyfriend as handsome and golden as Zhou Yan